Are you sure this is a pig dragon?
It's still a golden dragon in the sky
The inner realm is stronger than you
Shaokun Zhuang
What I said is true
The golden dragon
At least twice as much as me
The owner's expenses have been dealt with
Young Curator
That fool stole our martial arts skills
You mustn't let him go!
What a fool
A fool with high martial arts skills
Stealing from the stunts of our Feilong Martial Arts Hall hurt me
He was serious.
Hey, Master Gu
What did you say that fool's name was?
I will never forget his name for the rest of my life
Big eater, I knew it.
Sure enough it was him
This guy is amazing
He only needs to take a look
You can learn the martial arts of others
Just like in the movie
Do you know where that came from?
I see.
He is the sister of the owner of the martial arts hall before me
Rescued from the river
It was because of him
Kick me out of the martial arts hall
I've been with him my whole life
Fished from the river
Is it really him?
After finishing
Al wanted nothing else in his life
As long as you can help me out of this evil
I, Al, have been
die and give up
He won't see the sun tomorrow
Whether you are or not
Will send you to the west